ABCDE rule :-
             A - Asymmetry
             B - Border irregularity
             C - color
             D - Diameter
             E - Evolution

what we did to detect Asymmetry?

-> we took it as deviation from standard shapes.Most of the lesins match ellipse shape
    so we made a best fit ellipse on the lesin and then compared its deviation from our best fit
    ellipse and jugdeged it on a factor determined by taking mean of cancerous lesin deviations.
    in our case it was 0.099 . if any lesin came out to be less than this value it will be considered 
    as cancerous.

how we determined border irregularity?

-> for border irregularity we took a researched algorithm that took into consideration our best fit ellipse's 
   perimeter , area , semi minor axis,semi major axis.and made a formulae to judge irregularity.then we took a 
   mean of irregularity obtained by images of cancerous lesins.and thus obtained a parameter to detect
   the lesin to be cancerous or not based on its irregularity factor so obtained.

what algorithm we choose to detect color variation?

-> TO DO

diameter detection


-> we had two methods to solve the issue of measuring diameter-

   firstly-this is what we have done, because we didn't had a live specimen , so we had to choose this one
            in this we are measuring the diameter of a reference image of a lesin by taking the reference of an 
            object such as a coin whose dimensions are known to us.with the help of reference we take out pixel per meter 
            and hence calculate diameter of lesin.

   secondly - if we had a live specimen we can use phone camera whose focal length will be known.
              so we can determine pixel per meter using that and eventually find daimeter of the lesin.
              according to doctors if a lesin is more than 6mm in diameter than it is classified as 
              a cancerous lesin.

the most important factor to determine malenoma is Evolution

->  it is E rule and is subdivided as EFG rule where E stands for elevation, F stand for firmness and G stands for growth.
    in this we will be taking user input for elevation and firmness as it can be easily detected by a person so he/she can 
    input yes or no for these two. for the last G growth we will take a image from the user on a regular interval of time.
    this image will be compared to the previous images to check for growth measuring diameter each time.

yet, our software is till under progress to improve the accuracy.there is fault in the segmentation of image it is 60% accurate 
at the moment. we are trying different algorithms to increase it.

thankyou 
